We're available for questions, if there are any questions. Otherwise, we're happy to sit on down. Thank you. Bringing it back to the table, are there any questions or comments from the commissioners? If not, I will entertain a motion. Motion to approve this case and adopt the proposed consistency statement contained in the agenda materials. Thank you, Commissioner Miller. Do I have a second? Second. Thank you, Commissioner Burnett. Any further discussion? Okay, we have a motion to approve. All those in favor? All opposed? That is nine zero. Thank you very much. Our next old business item is Z1025-8125 Leesville Road. We received a full presentation from staff and the applicant and received public comment at our June 24th meeting. The case was deferred to allow the applicant to consider additional conditions. I'll ask staff for a brief update. Good morning, Mitra Sheshparadarod here, writing an update on Z1025. As a reminder, the request is to rezone just under three acres of land from R4 to R10, the ICU located at 8125 Leesville Road. Since your last meeting, the applicant has submitted five new conditions, which I'll touch on today, and then your deadline for action is August 23rd. Just another general overview of where the site is located. Conditions one through four have remained the same since your last PC meeting. The first condition is prohibiting a number of uses, otherwise allowed in R10, prohibiting the apartment building type, and then conditions three and four increase the side yard and rear yard setbacks to 10 and 30 feet along the southern and western boundaries of the site, and then also creating a six foot, or requiring the installation of a six foot wall and tree buffer along that same boundary, along the Ghost Pony Trail sub. And then conditions five through nine will be new to you all. I will say that there's a slight change between this and what's included in the agenda materials, because these are the official signed conditions. But condition number five exempts the site from block perimeter and dead-end street requirements and the sub-street requirements, also requiring a minimum roof pitch of four and 12, and then also capping residential height at 40 feet, and then as well as condition eight, requiring the installation of a speed hump either within the Ghost Pony Trail right-of-way or in an internal private drive aisle on the development site, should the development take access from the Ghost Pony Trail sub. And then the final condition is requiring at least two of the following materials be included in future residential development front facades. Again, the request is consistent with the comprehensive plan and consistent with the future land use map, designation of moderate-scale residential, a list of consistent policies that have remained the same since your last meeting, and only two inconsistent policies were identified. Those speak to fire service response time standards. And then there are no outstanding issues for the case, and your deadline for action is August 23rd, which is before your next PC meeting. Thank you for the update. We received a full presentation from the applicant and public comment at our last meeting, but could I see if there's anyone here who wishes to speak on this case? I see Mr. Mills, and I see another. Without objection, I'll grant five additional minutes to each side. We'll start with the applicant and those in support. Good morning again, Commissioners. Worth Mills here on behalf of Vibes Fund, LLC, the applicant. I did want to go over the updated conditions that we've offered since our last meeting. We did hold another virtual neighborhood meeting with neighbors on July 29th and shared these conditions. So first, we've extended the rear yard setback from the two adjacent single-family homes on Ghost Pony from 30 feet to 40 feet, so that rear yard setback is now larger than the current R4 zoning requires. We've exempted ourselves from the block perimeter requirements, which is consistent with the exception that we meet in section 8.3.2. We've effectively eliminated flat roofs and rooftop living space, and we have lowered maximum building height to 40 feet. Both of those are intended to sort of create a more compatible development with the Ghost Pony Trail neighbors. We've required an installation of a speed hump along the extension of Ghost Pony Trail in conversations with City of Raleigh Transportation. It's become pretty clear that our access to Leesville Road will be from Ghost Pony to Country Trail to Leesville instead of going north through that potential future development at 8215 Leesville Road. So knowing that, we wanted to offer a condition for traffic calming, and we've required each home to include at least two building materials into the front facade, which is similar to the architectural designs of those homes along Ghost Pony Trail. There are two conditions that, by my error, did not make it into the updated zoning conditions. One is a maximum development of 22 units, and the second is a condition to require no more than six individual townhome units within a townhome building to help with the building massing. I did just wanna let the Planning Commission know that we would intend to hold this case at City Council when it gets there to offer those conditions before the public hearing, and that is 100% my mistake. I also wanted to show a concept plan that Gary Walston at B&K put together. This concept plan shows 17 townhome units with the extension of Ghost Pony Trail as a private drive looping around the site and then exiting back south. Each townhome would have a garage and a driveway, and there are 10 additional guest parking spaces in the center. We are showing two stormwater control devices on the western boundary of the site. Those would drain into the stream that's located on that larger 8215 Leesville Road site. Again, the case is consistent with the future land use map, the comprehensive plan. We've offered conditions to increase compatibility with our neighbors along Ghost Pony Trail, but happy to answer any questions that you have this morning, and we appreciate your time. Thank you, Mr. Mills. Is there anyone else here who wishes to speak in support of the case? If not, then we will turn to the opposition. You have five minutes as well. Please state your name for the record. Hi, good morning. My name is Eric Hungate. I'm the vice president of the HOA for Westlake at Country Trail. I want to thank you all for allowing us to be here and thank you all for allowing us to speak this morning. I'm here to summarize our safety concerns for this rezoning and why we hope you will vote against it today. I want to start by saying we're not against development. We understand that Raleigh has a housing issue and we're not against development of this property. We bought into this neighborhood. We understood that we were buying into an early phase of the neighborhood that would be growing into a larger neighborhood that would be built cohesively with similar looking homes, with systems that work together. That was approved by the city in 2017. And you can see here, this is the next phase of the property. This is my home right here. So this next property was supposed to be six homes, which we were actually kind of excited about. So now there's gonna be townhomes there. Just a few of our, to summarize of our concerns is adding a townhome community in between two sections of a neighborhood will create disjointed developments with limited ability to solve future issues cohesively. There's actually a third property that's gonna be a part of this land area as well. So you'll have three separate neighborhoods that aren't really speaking and working together to make sure there's no issues down the road. Stormwater is another concern. The current infrastructure on Ghost Pony Trail simply cannot absorb any more runoff from this development, especially not an R10. The property is uphill and all the water will be pushed down into a creek, which currently runs through the back of our properties in the lower part of our community. It already crests the banks of the creek when we get heavy rain. There's also no clear plan as to how the property stormwater systems will work together with the new Winters Hollow, which is the other property, as well as our property. So you're looking at three different storm systems that are not working together. A couple other of our final concerns is the investor doesn't really have any details for price points, number of bedrooms, floor plans, et cetera, because we believe that he is not a developer. We suspect he is planning to sell the property once rezoned to another developer, which, again, leaves so many different questions that are still.
